README.md, before:

move.js
=======

Control your device with your body movement

**Check out the [live demo](http://skycocker.github.io/move.js)**

Usage
-----

1. Include move.js somewhere in your html

        <script src="move.js"></script>
        
2. Initialize it by executing `init()` method on it

        movejs.init()
            
    
3. The `init()` method takes 7 optional arguments (feel free to skip to step 4 already): 
  * `output [string]` - id of the canvas element you want the output to be displayed on (defaults to "move")
  * `width [integer]` - width of the image captured from the camera (defaults to 640 which is current biggest possibility)
  * `height [integer]` - height of the image captured from the camera (defaults to 480 which is current biggest possibility)
  * `humanFill [property array object]` - color you want the detected objects to be filled with (defaults to { r: 0, g: 170, b: 242 }, which gives kind of light blue)
  * `step [function]` - callback executed everytime a frame is rendered. Consider it something like a game loop - you can use it to draw something on your output canvas and/or detect its collision with human. This one does not default to anything, but you still don't have to provide it
  * `limitX [integer]` - number of X axis pixels checked for motion. Useful if you want to improve performance and need just some part of the area checked for movement (defaults to width)
  * `limitY [integer]` - same as above for Y axis (defaults to height)
  
  So, with no params specified, `movejs.init()` behaves the same as
        
        movejs.init("move", 640, 480, { r: 0, g: 170, b: 242 }, null, 640, 480)
        
        
4. When `init()` is called, user will be prompted for permission to access the camera. At this point you should tell him to move off the visiblity area of his camera. Then move.js waits 4 seconds for the camera to adjust and dispatches `"readyToMove"` event once it's done. Then the user can return to his position. Motion will be detected and marked from now on.

        document.addEventListener("readyToMove", function() { alert('moving objects will be marked on the canvas!') }, false)

And that's pretty much it. Feel free to send improvements and have fun! :)

Commit message:

Add overview section to readme

README.md, after:

move.js
=======

Control your device with your body movement

**Check out the [live demo](http://skycocker.github.io/move.js)**

Overview
--------

move.js is an utility for detecting humans or other moving objects and displaying them on a canvas in a chroma-key like way. It's actually pretty simple: it starts by waiting for the camera to adjust to the light, saves the visible picture to a buffer, waits few seconds and detects differences between the live image and the buffer.

You can use it to create body controlled presentations, games and anything else you can think of.

Usage
-----

1. Include move.js somewhere in your html

        <script src="move.js"></script>
        
2. Initialize it by executing `init()` method on it

        movejs.init()
            
    
3. The `init()` method takes 7 optional arguments (feel free to skip to step 4 already): 
  * `output [string]` - id of the canvas element you want the output to be displayed on (defaults to "move")
  * `width [integer]` - width of the image captured from the camera (defaults to 640 which is current biggest possibility)
  * `height [integer]` - height of the image captured from the camera (defaults to 480 which is current biggest possibility)
  * `humanFill [property array object]` - color you want the detected objects to be filled with (defaults to { r: 0, g: 170, b: 242 }, which gives kind of light blue)
  * `step [function]` - callback executed everytime a frame is rendered. Consider it something like a game loop - you can use it to draw something on your output canvas and/or detect its collision with human. This one does not default to anything, but you still don't have to provide it
  * `limitX [integer]` - number of X axis pixels checked for motion. Useful if you want to improve performance and need just some part of the area checked for movement (defaults to width)
  * `limitY [integer]` - same as above for Y axis (defaults to height)
  
  So, with no params specified, `movejs.init()` behaves the same as
        
        movejs.init("move", 640, 480, { r: 0, g: 170, b: 242 }, null, 640, 480)
        
        
4. When `init()` is called, user will be prompted for permission to access the camera. At this point you should tell him to move off the visiblity area of his camera. Then move.js waits 4 seconds for the camera to adjust and dispatches `"readyToMove"` event once it's done. Then the user can return to his position. Motion will be detected and marked from now on.

        document.addEventListener("readyToMove", function() { alert('moving objects will be marked on the canvas!') }, false)

And that's pretty much it. Feel free to send improvements and have fun! :)
